#### Pillars of Eternity 2
# Enhanced User Interface
*The Enhanced User Interface mod aims to improve the standard user interface by highlighting gameplay mechanics such as afflictions and inspirations, damage and defense keywords and much more. More than 1000 ability, item or UI entries have been modified to enhance the user experience and to make some fairly opaque game mechanics a bit more transparent.*

### Credits
&nbsp;&nbsp;**Spherikal**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>Editor and Concept Designer</sup>\
&nbsp;&nbsp;**Xaratatas**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>Programmer and German Translator</sup>\
&nbsp;&nbsp;**Kilay**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>Killer of Bugs and Italian Translator</sup>\
&nbsp;&nbsp;**Xinkle**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>Korean Translator</sup>\
&nbsp;&nbsp;**phenomenum**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>Russian Translator</sup>

***

## Table of Contents
- [Contents of this Git](#contents-of-this-git)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Mod Versions](#github-contents)
- [Modding Resources](wiki)
- [Changelog](changelog.md)

***

### Contents of this Git
- `PoE2-EnhancedUserInterface` -> all user modified baselines (`en`, `it`, `ru` and `kr`) except `de_patch`, this has it's own repo [here](https://github.com/AurelioSilver/pillarsofeternity-2-german-patch).
- `PoE2-EnhancedUserInterface_defenses` -> Autogenerated by tool, Defense and Damagetype Icons only
- `PoE2-EnhancedUserInterface_inspiration` -> Autogenerated by tool, Inspirations and Afflictions only
- `PoE2-EnhancedUserInterface_zzz_multiple` -> Autogenerated by tool, Booth of the above, contains only thoose strings which has booth of them

Subfolders with a 2 in their name are from the tool if there is a community driven baseline.

Tool is [here](https://github.com/AurelioSilver/pillarsofeternity-2-german-patch/tree/master/translation_helper/PoE2%20-%20eclipse%20project%20text%20normalisierer)

***

## Installation

1. Manually download the mod.
2. Go to your `Pillars of Eternity II\PillarsOfEternityII_Data\` directory.
3. Look for (or create) an `override` folder in your `PillarsOfEternityII_Data` directory.
The correct file path should look like this: `Pillars of Eternity II\PillarsOfEternityII_Data\override`
4. Extract the `PoE2-EnhancedUserInterface` folder into your `override` folder (folder name may vary depending on what mod version you picked).
5. Make sure that you don't need to download any additional files (only relevant if you're playing in *German*, *Korean* or *Russian*, see [dependencies](#dependencies) down below).
6. All done, you can now safely launch the game.

Once extracted the folder structure should look like this:
```
Pillars of Eternity II
└─ PillarsOfEternityII_Data
   └─ override
      └─ PoE2-EnhancedUserInterface
         ├─ localized
         │  └─ en
         │     └─ text
         │        └─ game
         │           ├─ abilities.stringtable
         │           ├─ cyclopedia.stringtable
         │           ├─ gui.stringtable
         │           ├─ items.stringtable
         │           ├─ recipes.stringtable
         │           └─ statuseffects.stringtable
         ├─ EnhancedUI-NewKeywords.gamedatabundle
         ├─ manifest.json
         └─ thumb.png
```

Please note that this example only includes the English language pack (`en`). Once installed your `localized` folder will include all languange packs, namely: `de_patch` (German language pack), `it` (Italian language pack), `kr` (Korean language pack) and `ru` (Russian language pack).

### Dependencies
Some languages requires additional downloads in order for this mod to work, if you are playing in the following languages please download the following external files:

&nbsp;&nbsp;**German**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;German players are *required* to download the [Corrected German Translation](https://www.nexusmods.com/pillarsofeternity2/mods/5) mod in order for this mod to work.

&nbsp;&nbsp;**Korean**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;For Korean you need the full set of Korean language files.*\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>*Not included in purchases made on Steam, GoG or the AppStore.</sup>

&nbsp;&nbsp;**Russian**\
&nbsp;&nbsp;For Russian translation use the full language pack.

***

## Mod Versions
##### MAIN FILES
- **Enhanced User Interface** (Recommended)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;This version includes _**all**_ currently implemented features.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;For a full list of implemented features please [click here](https://www.nexusmods.com/pillarsofeternity2/mods/32/?tab=description).\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>**Language support:** English, German and Italian.</sup>

##### OPTIONAL FILES

- **Afflictions and Inspirations** (Stand-alone package)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;Use this version if you _**only**_ want icons, colorization and rank indicators for afflictions and inspirations.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>**Language support:** English, German and Italian.</sup>

- **Damage and Defense Icons** (Stand-alone package)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;Use this version if you _**only**_ want the Accuracy, Health, Damage and Defense icons.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>**Language support:** English, German and Italian.</sup>

- **Afflictions and Inspirations + Damage and Defense Icons** (Combined package)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;This version contains _**both**_ the *Damage and Defense* package as well as the *Afflictions & Inspirations* package.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;Use this version if you *only* want those features and aren't interested in any additional features.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;<sup>**Language support:** English, German and Italian.</sup>

***
